itemGroup.tabKitchen=Kjøkken
tile.tiles.name=Fliser
tile.board.name=Skjærebrett
tile.tomato_crop.name=Tomat Plante
tile.lettuce_crop.name=Salat Frø
tile.oven.name=Ovn
tile.plate.name=Fat
tile.kitchen_cabinet.name=Kjøkken Skap
tile.frying_pan.name=Stekepanne
tile.peanut_crop.name=Peanøtt Frø
tile.wild_peanut.name=Ville Peanøtter
tile.strawberry_crop.name=Jordbær Frø
tile.wild_strawberry.name=Ville Jordbær
item.knife.name=Kniv
item.bacon_raw.name=Rå bacon
item.bread_slice.name=Brødskive
item.sandwich.name=Smørbrød
item.tomato.name=Tomat
item.lettuce.name=Salat
item.lettuce_leaf.name=Salat Blad
item.tomato_slice.name=Tomat Skive
item.bacon_cooked.name=Stekt Bacon
item.carrot_slice.name=Gulrot Biter
item.potato_slice.name=Potet Skive
item.mortar.name=Bolle
item.pestle.name=Sleiv
item.mortar_and_pestle.name=Bolle og Sleiv
item.flour.name=Hvetemel
item.toast.name=Toast
item.raw_roast_beef.name=Rå Biff
item.roast_beef.name=Roastbeef
item.chicken_fillet_raw.name=Rå Kylling Filet
item.chicken_fillet_cooked.name=Stekt Kylling Filet
item.chicken_leg.name=Kylling Vinge
item.cheese.name=Ost
item.cheese_slice.name=Oste Skive
item.burnt_meat.name=Brent Mat
item.butter.name=Smør
item.butter_knife.name=Smør Kniv
item.sandwichable.sandwichable_msg=Smørbrød Klar
item.jam_jar.filled.name=Full Kanne
item.jam_jar.empty.name=Tom Kanne
item.jam_jar.uses_left_msg=Antall Holdbarhet
item.strawberry.name=Jordbær
item.apple_slice.name=Eple Båter
item.peanut.name=Peanøtt
item.peanuts_in_shell.name=Peanøtt i Skall
item.sugared_strawberry_slices.name=Sukrede Jordbær
combo.big_mac.name=Dette er den eneste!
combo.blt.name=Gode gamle BLT
combo.only_bread.name=Ganske kjedelig...
combo.rrb.name=Gammel Roastbeef
combo.smart_chicken.name=Smart Høne
combo.veggie.name=Vegitarian Burger
jam.peanut.name=Peanøtt Smør
jam.apple.name=Eple Syltetøy
jam.strawberry.name=Jordbær Syltetøy
option.show_is_sandwich_ready=Vis Sandwich Status på Bordet
option.show_oven_contents=Vis ovn innhold
option.show_oven_status=Vis ovn status
waila.is_sandwich_ready=Er Smørbrødet Klart?
waila.oven_items=Ovn Ting
waila.oven_has_coal=Har Kull
waila.pan_making=Lage
waila.pan_done=Ferdig!
waila.true=Fakta
waila.false=Fleip
